Can you tell me other info about the production of a wine? It is a Champagne conserved in natural cork Valdobbiadene grape
I have to go to the store
My address is Via Roma 1 My phone number is 333444555 This is order is a gift 
I want to know a wine from Tuscany , Italy.
I want to know a rose wine from Champagne , Italy.
I want to buy 1 bottles of  wine. 
I want some information about a white wine. It is sparkling It's a Primitivo Made in 2020 The grape is Chardonnay
Can you tell me other info about the production of a wine? It is a Primitivo conserved in natural cork 
My address is Via Roma 1 My phone number is 333444555 This order is for me I want to pay by credit card
I want to drink a Prosecco wine, which food should I choose?
I want to buy 1 bottles of  wine. My total budget is 40
I want to buy sushi
I have to study
My address is Via Roma 1 My phone number is 333444555 This is order is a gift I want to pay by credit card
My address is Via Roma 1 My phone number is 333444555 This is order is a gift I want to pay by cash
I want to buy 5 bottles of Prosecco wine. My total budget is 100
Wine that to keep not in the fridge not in the celler
I want a pizza
I want to know a red wine from Champagne , Italy.
I want to buy a house
I want to drink a rose wine, which food should I choose?
I want some information about a white wine. It is sparkling It's a Primitivo Made in 2021 The grape is Chardonnay
Wine that to keep not in the fridge in the celler
My address is Via Roma 1 My phone number is 333444555  I want to pay by cash
Wine that to keep in the fridge 
I want to buy 5 bottles of  wine. 
Can you tell me other info about the production of a wine? It is a Primitivo conserved in natural cork Pinot Noir grape
Now I am doing a nap
I want to buy  bottles of Prosecco wine. My total budget is 40
I want to drink a white wine, which food should I choose?
I want to know a white wine from Tuscany , Italy.
Wine that to keep  in the celler
How i can conserve a Prosecco wine?
I want to buy 1 bottles of Prosecco wine. My total budget is 100
Which wine need a temperature equal to 7?
I want to drink a Champagne wine, which food should I choose?
Can you tell me other info about the production of a wine? It is a Champagne conserved in natural cork Chardonnay grape
My address is Via Roma 1 My phone number is 333444555  
How i can conserve a Champagne wine?
I am tired
Can you tell me other info about the production of a wine? It is a Prosecco conserved in natural cork Valdobbiadene grape
Can you tell me the origin of a Champagne wine?
I want to buy 1 bottles of Prosecco wine. 
I want some information about a white wine. It is sparkling It's a Primitivo  The grape is Valdobbiadene
Can you suggest me a tv show to watch?
My address is Via Roma 1  This is order is a gift I want to pay by credit card
Wine that to keep  not in the celler
I want to drink a red wine, which food should I choose?
Wine that to keep in the fridge not in the celler
Tomorrow I have to wake up early
I want to eat aperitif, tell me the wine to drink.
I want to drink a Champagne wine, which food should I choose?
I want some information about a white wine. It is sparkling It's a Primitivo Made in 2020 
Can you tell me other info about the production of a wine? It is a Prosecco conserved in natural cork Chardonnay grape
My address is Via Roma 1  This is order is a gift I want to pay by cash
I want to drink a red wine, which food should I choose?
Can you tell me other info about the production of a wine?  conserved in natural cork Valdobbiadene grape
My address is Via Roma 1 My phone number is 333444555 This is not a gift 
I want to eat desser, tell me the wine to drink.
My address is Via Roma 1 My phone number is 333444555 This order is for me 
I want to drink a Primitivo wine, which food should I choose?
Wine that to keep in the fridge in the celler
I want to know a red wine from  , Italy.
Can you tell me other info about the production of a wine?  conserved in natural cork Chardonnay grape
I want some information about a white wine. It is sparkling It's a Primitivo Made in 2021 The grape is Valdobbiadene
I want to buy 5 bottles of Prosecco wine. 
Can you tell me other info about the production of a wine? It is a Primitivo conserved in natural cork Chardonnay grape
I want some information about a white wine. It is sparkling It's a Primitivo Made in 2020 The grape is Valdobbiadene
Can you tell me other info about the production of a wine? It is a Champagne conserved in natural cork 
I need water
Can you tell me the origin of a Primitivo wine?
I want some information about a white wine. It is sparkling It's a Primitivo Made in 2020 The grape is Pinot Noir
I want to buy  bottles of Prosecco wine. My total budget is 100
My address is Via Roma 1 My phone number is 333444555 This is not a gift I want to pay by cash
Can you tell me other info about the production of a wine? It is a Prosecco conserved in natural cork Pinot Noir grape
I want to buy 1 bottles of  wine. My total budget is 100
Wine that to keep not in the fridge 
I want some information about a white wine, it is sparkling It's a Primitivo Made in 2019 The grape is Chardonnay
I want to know a red wine from Tuscany , Italy.
I want some information about a white wine. It is sparkling It's a Primitivo  The grape is Chardonnay
I want to buy 1 bottles of Prosecco wine. My total budget is 40
Can you tell me the origin of a  wine?
Can you tell me other info about the production of a wine? It is a Primitivo conserved in natural cork Valdobbiadene grape
I want to drink a Prosecco wine, which food should I choose?
I want to buy 5 bottles of  wine. My total budget is 40
My address is Via Roma 1 My phone number is 333444555 This order is for me I want to pay by cash
I want to eat fish, tell me the wine to drink.
Can you tell me other info about the production of a wine?  conserved in natural cork Pinot Noir grape
Is the wine shop open?
I want to buy 5 bottles of Prosecco wine. My total budget is 40
I want to know a white wine from Champagne , Italy.
Can you tell me other info about the production of a wine? It is a Champagne conserved in natural cork Pinot Noir grape
I want to know a rose wine from Tuscany , Italy.
I want some information about a white wine. It is sparkling It's a Primitivo Made in 2019 The grape is Pinot Noir
Which wine need a temperature equal to 17?
Can you tell me the origin of a Prosecco wine?
I want to know a white wine from  , Italy.
How i can conserve a  wine?
I want to buy 5 bottles of  wine. My total budget is 100
I want to drink a Primitivo wine, which food should I choose?
My address is Via Roma 1 My phone number is 333444555  I want to pay by credit card
I want to drink a white wine, which food should I choose?
I want some information about a white wine. It is sparkling It's a Primitivo Made in 2019 The grape is Valdobbiadene
I want to know a wine from Champagne , Italy.
How i can conserve a Primitivo wine?
I want some information about a white wine. It is sparkling It's a Primitivo  The grape is Pinot Noir
I want some information about a white wine. It is sparkling It's a Primitivo Made in 2021 The grape is Pinot Noir
I want some information about a white wine. It is sparkling It's a Primitivo Made in 2019 
I want to go to the gim
where i can buy a pc?
My address is Via Roma 1 My phone number is 333444555 This is not a gift I want to pay by credit card
